c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\leervolt\leervolt\bin\Debug\leervolt.exe.config
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\leervolt\leervolt\obj\Debug\leervolt.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\leervolt\leervolt\obj\Debug\leervolt.Form1.resources
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\leervolt\leervolt\obj\Debug\leervolt.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\leervolt\leervolt\obj\Debug\leervolt.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\leervolt\leervolt\bin\Debug\leervolt.exe
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\leervolt\leervolt\bin\Debug\leervolt.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\leervolt\leervolt\bin\Debug\ArduinoSerialControllerClient.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\leervolt\leervolt\bin\Debug\ArduinoSerialControllerClient.Tests.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\leervolt\leervolt\bin\Debug\DetectPort.exe
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\leervolt\leervolt\bin\Debug\duinocom-i.exe
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\leervolt\leervolt\bin\Debug\duinocom-ls.exe
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\leervolt\leervolt\bin\Debug\duinocom.core.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\leervolt\leervolt\bin\Debug\duinocom.exe
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\leervolt\leervolt\bin\Debug\Duinocom.Tests.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\leervolt\leervolt\bin\Debug\duinocom.Upload.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\leervolt\leervolt\bin\Debug\duinocom.Upload.Tests.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\leervolt\leervolt\bin\Debug\nunit.framework.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\leervolt\leervolt\bin\Debug\ArduinoSerialControllerClient.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\leervolt\leervolt\bin\Debug\ArduinoSerialControllerClient.Tests.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\leervolt\leervolt\bin\Debug\duinocom.core.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\leervolt\leervolt\obj\Debug\leervolt.exe
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\leervolt\leervolt\obj\Debug\leervolt.pdb
C:\Users\User\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\leervolt\leervolt\bin\Debug\IntelHexFormatReader.dll
C:\Users\User\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\leervolt\leervolt\bin\Debug\NLog.dll
C:\Users\User\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\leervolt\leervolt\bin\Debug\NLog.xml
C:\Users\User\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\leervolt\leervolt\bin\Debug\ArduinoDriver.dll
C:\Users\User\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\leervolt\leervolt\bin\Debug\ArduinoUploader.dll
C:\Users\User\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\leervolt\leervolt\bin\Debug\RJCP.SerialPortStream.dll
C:\Users\User\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\leervolt\leervolt\bin\Debug\RJCP.SerialPortStream.pdb
C:\Users\User\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\leervolt\leervolt\bin\Debug\RJCP.SerialPortStream.xml
C:\Users\User\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\leervolt\leervolt\obj\Debug\leervolt.Curva1.resources
C:\Users\User\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\leervolt\leervolt\obj\Debug\leervolt.Curva2.resources
C:\Users\User\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\leervolt\leervolt\obj\Debug\leervolt.Curva3.resources
